Questions, questions,
There are many questions.
What kind of questions have you got?
Big ones, small ones,
Any kind of questions.
What kind of questions have you got?
What’s fun about music?
Answers, answers,
What about the answers?
What kind of answers have you got?
Long ones, short ones,
There are many answers.
Oh so many answers.
We’ve got lots.
There are many answers.
Oh so many answers.
We’ve got lots.
I'm Mia and I think music is fun because you can dance to music!
I love dancing and today I'm at my street dance class.
My dance group is called Messy Jam.
There are five other children in my group and we're all friends.
This is our teacher.
We have classes on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
We practise every day at home, too.
At dance class, we wear tracksuit trousers, Messy Jam T-shirts and yellow baseball caps.
This is my friend Hayden.
He's a fantastic dancer.
We dance together a lot.
Sometimes our group dances for other people, too.
We enter competitions and we win lots of prizes.
I love dancing!
That's what's fun about music for me!